fix: bugfix updates and release for 3.4.6 (#2279)
canonical/charmcraft: docs/release-notes/charmcraft-3.4.rst

Charmcraft 3.4.4
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- `#2194 <https://github.com/canonical/charmcraft/issues/2194>`_ Charmcraft overwrites reactive charm's ``config.yaml``.

Charmcraft 3.4.5
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Snap dependencies were updated to resolve `CVE-2025-43859
  <https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2025-43859>`_.

Charmcraft 3.4.6
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - The uv plugin breaks with uv 0.7.

Reviewer: Sorry to retread this, but as-is it reads like a known issue. Is there no link to the ticket?

Author: There's no issue filed in charmcraft and no related craft-parts issue because @bepri fixed it before anyone could file one :-)

Reviewer: Can we change it to "was breaking" so it doesn't sound like an active issue? We didn't account for a format for undocumented issues, so it's best if the wording makes sense at the time of reading.

Author: ```suggestion
- The uv plugin was breaking with uv 0.7.
```
